I haven't seen you for a long time
Did something happen to you?
I'm fine, but I'm a little sick.
Just rested for a while
How is that possible?
That's a long time.
The hospital has no record of your visit
There's no way you're not going to see your brother.
Tell me the truth.
It's really okay.
OK, if you don't want to talk
I'll check it myself
Mu Chen, Brother Mu Chen, don't go
I said not yet?
It's because I didn't do well at work some time ago.
Offended Mr. Gu
So he moved me somewhere else.
So
Your leg hurt because of this
Here's my leg.
I'm fine, I just got a little hurt.
By the way, Brother Muchen, I won't tell you anymore.
I'm going in first.
Well listen to me wait for me
What are you doing with my secretary?
Mr. Gu